the last big lie of
Leticia and Felipe VI has been uncovered And
the rumors of a
marital crisis in the royal marriage still continue Felipe VI
decides to leave Zarzuela every weekend he has been there for
a few weekends which is to say
not spending the
weekend with his wife Even in one of
the last things that we saw him not
visiting his daughter in Zaragoza it was just
normal it is that when your daughters are
older and are out of the house you don't And you
have that loneliness
with your partner again no on the contrary what you
are looking forward to is the
weekend to come to enjoy life as a
couple not in the company of a couple
Leticia and Felipe no longer wake up
every day as they did a few
years ago we know especially since that year
2012 when in private Felipe found
out